yo guys welcome back to a new video of
the green tournament today i am bringing
you eight new modern maps with a
download link you can play it yourself
and download the map you can play on
xbox 360 xbox one of the maps can be
played on the school sauce and this is
second episode stands new series on my
youtube channel so if you haven't
watched the first episode to make sure
you watch it i will leave a link in the
description and annotation in screen on
which click click well today and bring
you a cup of awesome apps and bring you
to model maps like a map which is
totally moded i'm bringing you a model
book traps i'm bringing a drop story i'm
bringing you i think two or three models
maps which is a game type for example
walls or an adventure map and bring you
a looking blog skywars model map and a
lucky bloke modern map so lucky blocks
are really hype in this episode so let's
move on to the first map which is the
model the walls map this is an amazing
model two balls no this can be played
before or eight players it's up to you
the spoiling system is modded the source
a bit of the wall sharia enjoy playing
you have to showcase video right here
and download link be over here so you
click and download it and yeah you can
play it on xbox 360 also on the xbox one
so let's move on to the second map which
is amnezia monitor furniture map and
amnesia a new adventure map for xbox 360
and xbox one with original pencils and
in inventive ids the map promises not to
disappoint enjoy playing this is a
really scary map and let's take
something to drink right one but this is
a really scary map i spilled all over my
desk so my desk so wet right now thank
you but then there's a really scary map
which is more than you can download it
right here I just click it and it will
open you by itself you can just download
it right here so let's move on I think
to the third map which is um let's see
let's see let's see which is the lucky
block mod and let's see let's read what
it's saying over here this lucky block
modern map it's a first minecraft
console map in which you have a working
lucky block which is known from the pc
edition of minecraft enjoy playing so
this is just a showcase video of this
lucky block you can download the map
yourself and take a look at the look
block but if you move on to disk map
this is an map which is skywars which
may know and it is it has something new
to it which I've never seen before which
is the lucky block so the map Meg added
a lucky block and lucky block is just a
block on which you can click and it
gives you a random item or block or
wrapping or whatever so it's really
awesome and then this looking block
skywars map is just a regular skywars
map with just a little twist to it
because there are lucky blocks which you
can use with the lucky block you can get
random items and weapons you compare
this method at least two players and
with a maximum of eight players and
you're playing also the download link is
right here to click it and download it
yourself so let's move on a thing to the
fifth nope I'm not too sure I'm not too
sure how many maps I've showcase avoir i
don't know i will just put it right in
the title and i will just make sure if
it was seven maps or eight maps that i
will make sure that put it right in the
title I'm confused I don't know how many
maps at showcase and but this map can be
played with as many people she want I
can be played on xbox 360 and Xbox long
and includes the most awesome most every
city's command blocks stained glass
models were so much shade around so i
will show you a little bit of a showcase
video so look at sick of this i think
this is actually the symphysis map it'll
get molded with a lot of stuff all
across the map and you can see it right
eh really cool so we're going to move on
to the model mob drops now with a wither
boss so this may preclude some models
wither skeleton which dropped custom
items when you kill them enjoy playing
so you can watch the showcase video
right here audios messed up but it
doesn't matter and yeah it's really cool
to modern map with a modern way to
scatter than I think which is pretty
hurt defeat because it's modded and it's
really strong so let's undo the last map
which is another molded map but it
automatically also download you can
always download maps oh don't worry
about that this is not a modern map
which is really awesome you can see it
right here it's really big and you may
know this map is pretty famous this map
I think you can call famous but you have
different areas to blue to red and
purple yeah and this blue one has
peaceful stuff the red one has dangerous
stuff and the purpleness enchanted stuff
so yeah there's so much stuff as you can
see there's so many model blocks big
shout out to the map makers but there
yeah I will say link to this website in
the description you can download on the
maps yourself and that's about it I'm a
queen turtleman and I'm out